README.md, before:

# Openschools
Subjective's commitment to **empowering** a deeper **school-student relationship** within education and organisation software, extends to **on and off** the Subjective platform.

We're helping **developers** create **better school-tailored** student software with our open source Openschools project.

Openschools makes our growing library of public school data and information on Subjective available for use in a JSON format _(schools.json)_.

_Currently the schools JSON includes:_
- School Name
- Week Bell Times (Monday - Friday)
- School Notices
- Links

## Contribute
Openschools is the library of school data used for Subjective Discovery _(schools made publicly available on Subjective)_.

Help the Subjective and Openschools project by adding your school.

1. Fork and clone the repository.
2. Add your school to the _schools.json_ file ensuring **all** required fields are included.
3. Submit a detailed pull request with school name, and to ensure **only public data** is made available on Openschools, attach either a **link** to where the data was retrieved from or **written permission** from school executive staff.

## Licencing

Openschools is an open source project licensed under the Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0), in which terms and conditions can be found at _LICENSE_.

Commit message:

Add usage instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Openschools
Subjective's commitment to **empowering** a deeper **school-student relationship** within education and organisation software, extends to **on and off** the Subjective platform.

We're helping **developers** create **better school-tailored** student software with our open source Openschools project.

Openschools makes our growing library of public school data and information on Subjective available for use in a JSON format _(schools.json)_.

_Currently the schools JSON includes:_
- School Name
- Week Bell Times (Monday - Friday)
- School Notices
- Links

## Usage
The JSON is available in the repository as schools.json or hosted online at [openschools.vercel.app/schools.json](https://openschools.vercel.app/schools.json)

## Contribute
Openschools is the library of school data used for Subjective Discovery _(schools made publicly available on Subjective)_.

Help the Subjective and Openschools project by adding your school.

1. Fork and clone the repository.
2. Add your school to the _schools.json_ file ensuring **all** required fields are included.
3. Submit a detailed pull request with school name, and to ensure **only public data** is made available on Openschools, attach either a **link** to where the data was retrieved from or **written permission** from school executive staff.

## Licencing

Openschools is an open source project licensed under the Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0), in which terms and conditions can be found at _LICENSE_.
